feat(logs): add OTEL_LOG_LEVEL support (#5115)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - `opentelemetry-sdk`: Honour `OTEL_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to configure the SDK's internal diagnostic logger; accepted values: `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `warning`, `error`, `critical`; invalid values emit a warning and default to `info`
>   ([#1059](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/issues/1059))

Reviewer: Changelog entries should use PR number, not issue number.

```suggestion
- `opentelemetry-sdk`: Honour `OTEL_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to configure the SDK's internal diagnostic logger; accepted values: `debug`, `info`, `warn`, `warning`, `error`, `critical`; invalid values emit a warning and default to `info`
  ([#5115](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/issues/5115))
```

>   ([#5115](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/issues/5115))

Reviewer: Need to update the link to be a pull, not issue. Also, changelog entries shouldn't be too long, I think we should trim the accepted values part.

```suggestion
- `opentelemetry-sdk`: Honour `OTEL_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable to configure the SDK's internal diagnostic logger
  ([#5115](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-python/pull/5115))
```

Author: Yeah, that was sloppy of me - Thanks for catching that!
